Exercises: What is React?
    What is React?
React is a JavaScript library for building a reusable user interface(UI). It was initially released on May 29, 2013.
    What is a library?
A collection of prewritten code snippets that can be used and reused to perform common JavaScript functions. 
A particular JavaScript library code can be plugged into the rest of your project’s code on an as-needed basis.
    What is a single page application?
a SPA is a web application or website that interacts with the user by dynamically rewriting the current web page with new data from the web server, 
instead of the default method of a web browser loading entire new pages.
    What is a component ?
Components are independent and reusable bits of code. 
They serve the same purpose as JavaScript functions, but work in isolation and return HTML.
    What is the latest version of React?
17.0.2
    What is DOM?
Document Object Model
    What is React Virtual DOM?
React uses its virtual DOM to make new changes and it updates only the element, that needs changing. 
Do not directly interact with DOM when you build a React Application and leave the DOM manipulation job for the React virtual DOM
    What does a web application or a website(composed of) have?
A web browser (or client), a web application server, and a database server.


Exercises: Why React?
    Why did you chose to use react?
fast
modular
scalable
flexible
big community and popular
open source
High job opportunity
    What measures do you use to know popularity ?
Git repository stars, watchers and forks. Online discussions.
    What is more popular, React or Vue ?
By that standard, Vue is a ahead of React with 10 thousands more stars on Github

Exercises: JSX
    What is an HTML element?
An HTML element is a type of HTML document component, one of several types of HTML nodes. 
HTML document is composed of a tree of simple HTML nodes, such as text nodes, and HTML elements, which add semantics and formatting to parts of document. 
    How to write a self closing HTML element?
add / before the closing > (<'name'/>)
    What is an HTML attribute? Write some of them
HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour.
href : specifies hyperlink
src: specifies the path 
width & height : specifies dimensions
alt: specifies an alternative
    What is JSX?
JSX stands for JavaScript XML. JSX allows us to write HTML elements with JavaScript code. 
    What is babel?
Babel is a library which transpiles JSX to pure JavaScript and latest JavaScript to older version. 
    What is a transpiler?
transpiler or source-to-source compilers, are tools that read source code written in one programming language 
and produce the equivalent code in another language.

